feat(pie-icons-webc): new icon package using web components (#576)
justeattakeaway/pie: packages/tools/pie-icons-webc/README.md

# pie-icons-webc

Shared PIE Icon Components for Web Components.

This package generates an Web Component iconset for applications using the base [pie-icons](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@justeattakeaway/pie-icons) package. The SVGs in pie-icons are compiled into single file components that can be imported into applications.

---

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@justeattakeaway/pie-icons-webc.svg)](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@justeattakeaway/pie-icons-webc.svg)

---
## Usage

### Installation

Add the module to your project

```bash
yarn add @justeattakeaway/pie-icons-webc
```

### Applications

> 

Reviewer: Could you add an example of how an icon can be pulled into a Lit Web Component as well?

```js
// Only import what you need!
import { IconAppRestaurant, IconAppRestaurantLarge } from '@justeattakeaway/pie-icons-webc';
```

Within the context of a Vue app, that will look like:

  ```js
  <template>
      <icon-calendar />
      <icon-app-restaurant size="xs"/>
  </template>

  <script>

>   import { IconAlcoholFilled } from '@justeattakeaway/pie-icons-webc';

Reviewer 2: I think this should be: `{ IconCalendar, IconAppRestaurant }`

Author: whoops thank you!

  </script>
  ```

Within the context of a React app, that will look like:

  ```js
import { IconAppRestaurant } from '@justeattakeaway/pie-icons-webc/icons/IconAppRestaurant';
import * as React from 'react';
import { createComponent } from '@lit-labs/react';

export const IconAlcohol = createComponent({
    displayName: 'IconAlcohol',
    elementClass: IconAppRestaurant,
    react: React,
    tagName: 'icon-app-restaurant',
    events: { },
});

  <template>

>       <IconAlcohol size="l"/>

Reviewer 3: I think this should be IconAppRestaurant

Author: ah so should be IconAlcohol because I'm referencing the wrapper on line 50 in the template 😄

Large icons `size` default and minimum value is `32`. Values larger than the minimum must be multiples of `8`, otherwise will be automatically rounded. You can learn more about large icon sizes [here](https://www.pie.design/foundations/iconography/overview/#:~:text=Sizes%20for%20the%20Large%20icon%20set).

Example:

```js
<icon-alert-triangle size="s" />
<icon-alert-triangle-large size="80" />
```

### Tree shaking

By using ES imports like `import { IconCalendar } from '@justeattakeaway/pie-icons-webc'` with Webpack v4+ or Rollup, unused exports in this module will be automatically eliminated.

If you can't use a tree-shaking compatible build tool, then you can use the per-file icons from the [`/icons`](https://unpkg.com/@justeattakeaway/pie-icons-vue/icons/) directory, e.g. `import IconCalendar from '@justeattakeaway/pie-icons-webc/icons/IconCalendar'`.

### Browser Support

The component extends [@justeat/browserslist-config-fozzie](https://github.com/justeat/browserslist-config-fozzie) package for the list of browsers to support.

## Contributing

Before starting please read our [contributing guide](https://pie.design/engineers/contributing/)

### Adding new icons

> Icons should be added as SVGs to the main pie-icons package and published, before simply incrementing the dependency of `pie-icons` in the `pie-icons-vue` package, to generate the new set of Vue components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Icons should be added as SVGs to the main pie-icons package and published, before simply incrementing the dependency of `pie-icons` in the `pie-icons-webc` package, to generate the new set of Web Components.
```

> The PIE iconset is managed by our PIE design team and new icon requests should go through them to ensure that they are designed inline with our standards and guildelines. Please reach out to PIE design system team using #help-designsystem slack channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PIE iconset is managed by our PIE design team and new icon requests should go through them to ensure that they are designed in-line with our standards and guildelines. Please reach out to the PIE design system team using #help-designsystem slack channel.
```
